You need to install some packages before you can run this. Make sure you have pip downloaded with python (i'm not sure
what it is on MAC OS but I think it might be pip3).

Packages:
pip install alpha_vantage
pip install pandas
pip install matplotlib
pip install beautifulsoup4
pip install scikit_learn # this one is less important

Some useful videos:
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=d2kXmWzfS0w&t=88s
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=kz_NJERCgm8

Program Structure:
Run main to run the program. It will import the data file and run it every time you run the program. It will generate
an excel file called companyData.xlsx.

NOTE: This file will be overwritten every time you run main.

The data object can only be called five times every minute (alpha_vantage only allows you 5 calls per minute). There is
a companies.py file which contains a dictionary of companies. I've commented them out so that you only do one company at
a time. I suggest that you do the same so as to not have data mismatches. You can add whatever company you want, just
do one at a time and follow the same structure that I have there.

During program execution, three graphs will be shown. First one will be a close price based on the interval you have set.
The second one will contain a MACD line and a signal line. Once you x out of both of them, the buy/sell graph will
appear. I found that the program works best set on a 60 minute interval.

If you want to change the interval in minutes, go to line 12 in data.py. The library allows you "1min", "5min", "15min",
"30min", and "60min" intervals.

If you want a bigger interval, comment out "interval=..." and change "intraday" in the same line to "daily", "weekly",
ext...

MACD- Moving Average convergence divergence (google it to find out more)

Signal line - Signal line is derived from MACD line

The program tells you to sell if the MACD line crosses the signal line and is greater than the signal line.
The program tells you to buy if the MACD line crosses the signal line and is less than the signal line.



